h1. *ckr_image_count* - Counts images and provides a conditional tag

This plugin provides two new tags:
* @<txp:ckr_image_count />@ - output the count of all images
* @<txp:ckr_if_image_count></txp:ckr_if_image_count>@ - a conditional tag

p. &nbsp;

h2. *Counting images with ckr_image_count*

Place the @<txp:ckr_image_count />@  tag wherever you want the count to appear. The tag supports one attribute called @category@. If set to a category's name, only images within will be counted.

*Examples:*

@<txp:ckr_image_count />@ - displays the count of all images
@<txp:ckr_image_count category="mycategory" />@ - displays the count of images within given category

p. &nbsp;

h2. *Using the conditional tag ckr_if_image_count*

Place the @<txp:ckr_if_image_count></txp:ckr_if_image_count>@ tags wherever you want to check for the given condition. The tag supports the @category@ attribute as well and in addition to it the following four: @min@, @max@, @equal@, @not@. At least one of them must be given, only @min@ and @max@ can be combined. Furthermore it offers support for Textpattern's internal @<txp:else />@ tag.

*Simple examples:*

bc. <txp:ckr_if_image_count min="3">
    At least 3 images available.
</txp:ckr_if_image_count>

bc. <txp:ckr_if_image_count max="5">
    There are not more than 5 images available.
</txp:ckr_if_image_count>

*Examples for combining @category@ and any condition:*

bc. <txp:ckr_if_image_count category="mycategory" equal="5">
    Category "mycategory" contains 5 images.
</txp:ckr_if_image_count>

bc. <txp:ckr_if_image_count category="mycategory" not="5">
    Category "mycategory" contains anything but 5 images.
</txp:ckr_if_image_count>

*Examples for combining @min@ and @max@ attribute:*

bc. <txp:ckr_if_image_count min="1" max="5">
    There's at least more than 1 image, but less (or equal) than 5 images.
</txp:ckr_if_image_count>

bc. <txp:ckr_if_image_count category="mycategory" min="1" max="5">
    Category "mycategory" contains more than 1 image, but less (or equal) than 5 images.
</txp:ckr_if_image_count>


*Example for using the @txp:else@ block:*

bc. <txp:ckr_if_image_count equal="7">
    There are exactly 7 images available.
<txp:else />
    There are anything but 7 images available.
</txp:ckr_if_image_count>

p. &nbsp;

h2. *Combining ckr_if_image_count with ckr_if_image_count*

Of course you can combine both tags in case you need to master a complex situation. Take a look at the following example to get a brief overview of what can be accomplished.

*Example:*

bc. <txp:ckr_if_image_count category="mycategory" min="3">
     Category "mycategory" contains at least <txp:ckr_image_count category="mycategory" /> images.
<txp:else />
    Category "mycategory" doesn't contain enough images.
    At least 3 are needed.
</txp:ckr_if_image_count>

p. &nbsp;

h2. *About this plugin*

Author: "Cedric Kastner":mailto:cedric@nur-text.de?subject=ckr_image_count_v0.1
Version: 0.1
Last modification: 2009/07/23, 13:23 CEST